Using Tags APM Analytics Tab Doc Edit (#16502)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/tagging/using_tags.md

## APM

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Trace Explorer" %}}

> In the [Trace Explorer][1], you can filter traces with tags using the search bar or facet checkboxes. The search bar format is `<KEY>:<VALUE>`, for example: `service:coffee-house`. For advanced search, see [Search Spans][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Trace Explorer][1], you can filter traces with tags using the search bar or facet checkboxes. The search bar format is `<KEY>:<VALUE>`, for example: `service:coffee-house`. For advanced search, see [Query Syntax][2].
```

{{< img src="tagging/using_tags/trace_explorer.png" alt="Trace Explorer Tags" style="width:80%;">}}

[1]: /tracing/trace_explorer/search/

> [2]: /tracing/trace_explorer/query_syntax/#search-bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2]: /tracing/trace_explorer/query_syntax/
```
